V4 dev updates and backports (#30768)
twbs/bootstrap: site/docs/4.4/components/forms.md

{% capture callout %}
##### Input group validations

> Input groups have difficulty with validation styles, unfortunately. Our recommendation is to place feedback messages as sibling elements of the `.input-group` that has `.is-{valid|invalid}`. Placing feedback messages within input groups breaks the `border-radius`. [See this comment for a workaround](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/25110#issuecomment-586565165).

Author: @MartijnCuppens @mdo: I'm still not happy with us linking to a GitHub comment. We should move the workaround here.

}
{% endhighlight %}

### Input group validation workaround

> When you are using a medium size input group and don't customize the default border radius values, add `.rounded-right` to the missing border radius elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're unable to resolve the broken `border-radius` of input groups with validation due to selector limitations, so manual overrides are required. When you're using a standard input group and don't customize the default border radius values, add `.rounded-right` to the elements with the broken `border-radius`.
```

{% highlight html %}
<div class="input-group">
  <div class="input-group-prepend">
    <span class="input-group-text">@</span>
  </div>
  <input type="text" class="form-control rounded-right" required>
  <div class="invalid-feedback">
    Please choose a username.
  </div>
</div>
{% endhighlight %}

<div class="bd-example bd-example-forms-input-group-workaround">
  <div class="input-group">
    <div class="input-group-prepend">
      <span class="input-group-text">@</span>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="form-control is-invalid rounded-right" required>
    <div class="invalid-feedback">
      Please choose a username.
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

> When you are using a small or large input-group or customizing the default border radius values, add custom CSS to the missing border radius elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are using a small or large input group or customizing the default `border-radius` values, add custom CSS to the element with the busted `border-radius`.
```
